[Docs] clarify the reason for the memory-unsafe assembly example being unsafe (#12876)
ethereum/solidity: docs/assembly.rst

the Solidity variables only access these memory ranges.

Since this is mainly about the optimizer, these restrictions still need to be followed, even if the assembly block

> reverts or terminates. As an example, the following assembly snippet is not memory safe in general, because the value of
> returndatasize() may exceed the 64 byte scratch space (however, if the returndatasize() is guaranteed to be less than 64,
> then this snippet would be memory safe):

Reviewer: Yeah, that's the correct reason for this to be non-memory-safe...
However, I'm a bit wary about the proviso in the parentheses... while this is true and perfectly fine, short of actually doing ``if iszero(lt(returndatasize(), 64)) { revert(0, 0) }``, there is rarely much of a "guarantee" that ``returndatasize()`` is less than 64...

So maybe, keeping this simpler is actually better? E.g. something like this:

```suggestion
reverts or terminates. As an example, the following assembly snippet is not memory safe, because the value of
``returndatasize()`` may exceed the 64 byte scratch space:
```

      revert(0, returndatasize())
    }

> On the other hand, the following code *is* memory safe, because memory beyond the location pointed to by the
> free memory pointed is considered scratch space:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the other hand, the following code *is* memory safe, because memory beyond the location pointed to by the
free memory pointer can safely be used as temporary scratch space:
```
Rather maybe?
